chore(Bundle): rename the bonita bundle from (#827)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

**Note:** The 7.10 is currently work in progress (WIP). The 7.10.0 GA is planned on December 2019.
:::

## Global Changes
### Renaming

> The Tomcat bundle packaging has changed. Previously called _Bonita{version}-7.x.y-tomcat_, it has been renamed _Bonita{version}-7.x.y_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tomcat bundle packaging has changed. Previously called _Bonita{edition}-7.x.y-tomcat_, it has been renamed to _Bonita{edition}-7.x.y_.
```
